MAC OSx USERS:

To download and setup all necessary resources to run and generate the workflow output:

The APP:
1. Install Python version 2.7 or higher if you do not already have it
2. Install Phantomjs version 1.9.7 (DO NOT choose any other version)
3. Install Casperjs version 1.1 or higher
4. Clone/download the git repository https://github.com/spidasoftware/min/scripts/flowdocument
   into the Applications folder.
5. Inside of Applications/flowdocument, drag or duplicate the SHELL file called "GenerateWorkflow" to your
   desktop.
6. Open up a terminal window and type "chmod u+x /Users/zpeugh/Desktop/GenerateWorkflow.command"

7. You can now put this GenerateWorkflow file anywhere you wish, and you will simply double-click
   on it to begin the app.


Google Docs Add-on:
2. Create a google drive if you do not already have one (You must be a member of the spidasoftware
   domain to find it).
3. Open a new document in google docs.
4. Click on the "Add-ons" tab, then "Get add-ons...".
5. Inside the web store, find the add-on titled "Document Workflow", and install it.
   Alternatively, go to https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/document-workflow/lhffgpnhgkohngaplfphaihbapakkchl



To run the app:

1. Go to the https://www.spidasoftware.com/projectManager/ page where you created your WorkFlow.
2. Note the exact syntax of the company name you log into to get to the flow.
   If you do not have to change companies, then the company name is 'SPIDA'.
3. Press download on your workflow, and note the name of the file that gets downloaded.
   For example, if the flow name was 'North Carolina Make Ready Process' then the file download
   name would be 'North-Carolina-Make-Ready-Process.flow'.  You will need this in an upcoming step.

4. Double-click the GenerateWorkflow file in App-setup step 7.
5. Fill in Company and flow names, being careful with spelling.
6. Press "Generate Document"
7. The program will then go and gather all the proper resources and after between 1-10 minutes
   (depending on the size of the flow, but usually around 3-4).
8. Click "Open in Browser"
9. Click "Create Export Folder" then a folder called ExportToGoogleDrive will appear in your desktop.
10. Click "Go to Google Drive"
11. Inside of "My Drive" create a new folder for the workflow, and name it whatever you like.
	Do not name it something that is already in your MyDrive folder however.  This name will
	be prompted later, so remember it.
12. Click into this folder and then open up the "ExportToGoogleDrive" folder on your desktop
    and drag the "Resources" folder into the newly created folder in your google drive.
13. This upload will take a while, because Google apparently has severely limited upload
    speed inside google drive.
14. Once the folder is uploaded fully, open up a new google doc, and use the previously installed
    google doc add-on to create the Event, Action, and Form document templates. When prompted for
	folder name, it is whatever you named it in step 11.

Troubleshooting:

If there are missing forms or actions, it is likely that an internet slowdown or interruption
caused a page not to load, and you can simply run the program again and see if that captures them all.

You must have your downloaded .flow file in your /Users/"your username"/Downloads.  If this is not your
automatic download location, then simply move the downloaded file to that folder and try again.
